Can you do that anymore?
The committee!
Okay. good.
I'm gonna... I'll be the captain of this house.
I'll be captain.
mom
Hey...
Listen. Lyota.
We have to support Mom.
We have to support her...
I'm the captain.
You're vice captain.
Come on. Lyota.
You're gonna be a regular. right?
That's what we're going for. too.
One on one.
Don't turn your back so easily.
I'm reading the pitch myself.
You're gonna fuck me up.
You're very brave.
I do it all the time.
My heart is racing.
But I'm going to do my best
I'm gonna pretend like I'm okay.
After you're down. you're down.
Lyota!
That's right. come at me!
Passer!
（Passer!)
Good job.
I'm fine.
Remember.
Saw-chan! (Sota)
Let's do it again.
Oh. you want to do it?
Sorta!
Let's do 1-on-1!
I had promised.
I'll do it. One more time!
See you tomorrow.
Then take me with you.
No. it's too early.
You're gonna have to work on your dribbling.
You're gonna take the regular. aren't you?
Yeah!
You said we'd play one-on-one!
I told you!
I lied about one more time!
Liar. idiot sorta!
Baka. asshole. otinko!
Don't come back!
I'm off.
(On the day of the inter-high school game)
"LOVE ROCKETS" 2022
Song by The Birthday
Swallows. Pointy.
Spread the love
Become a rocket
Staycation Wharf
To some president.
I'm gonna make him eat it.
Cut through the morning sun.
You'll see it. you'll hear it
Love rocket.
Something. someone.
Not to protect.
I'm just trying to make it sound.
PAST TIME
NO WAY FUTURE
LOVE ROCKETS!
With Jerry's soul.
If you eat it. it's the last thing you'll ever do
covered in love
Pass!
You've been crunching from the get-go. huh?
Hey!
Fly!
- Male!
What? Ryoo.
No. I didn't think you'd decide...
Same two points.
Good. good. good!
Good. good. good. Fukatsu!
Yabba! How many people came to support us?
What are you gonna say?
- Can you say it?
Compared to that...
We're a hodgepodge?
Sister...
- Friends - Hostile Groups
Aaan?
I knew it. I should've made us matching T-shirts.
We should have made matching T-shirts.
No. Why not?
Why? Do you guys have the same one?
I'm just an amateur.
I mean. I'm not even sure if it's a good idea to have a flower arrangement.
I'm sorry. my hair is red.
I'm sorry.
Nice one
I know what it's like to be a parent.
- I know...
What are you talking about?
You should be cheering for them!
Michan!
(Mitsui Hisashi!)
Woohoo!
Oh!
You're a cosmic imitator...
Okey... But...
Mitsui is good today. Mr. King.
Oh. man...
All right!
All right. defense!
I'm gonna stop one.
Bastard...
You're the one who's gonna get aggravated first.
You're gonna get aggravated first.
Oh...
The best in Japan?
a blow
Do it properly. Kora!
- What?
Mr. Champion's -
This is the best guard in Japan.
Guards all over Japan
The hearts and minds of the people
Do it!
I'll keep you company for 40 minutes.
You son of a bitch!
Come back. Come back!
Bon appétit!
Come on. come on. come on. come on.
There's no room here.
Thank you.
I'm glad you're here.
We've been waiting for you.
Oh?
Yay! Ryosuke!
Nice going through!
More than usual.
You're looking sharp. Ryo-chan.
Maybe it's because Mom's here.
Go!
Well. it's small.
Nice work. number seven.
You're so small.
That's her. Look.
He passed away some years ago.
Brother of Sota Miyagi
Yeah. I was wearing the same number 7...
She was so easy.
It was easy.
You're dead.
- It was an accident at sea.
It's different!
Sou-chan lives alone on a faraway island.
You're living alone on a faraway island.
Anna! Anna!
Sorry.
Aiyah...
Second half begins.
No. 7 (Small FW)
No. 15 No. 6
Good luck!
I've been in a fight with your brother.
I've played with your brother before.
And then my brother...
I got beat to a pulp by my brother.
What's the big deal about my brother?
Good luck!
Lyota!
I'll take care of it!
Ryo-chan!
- Good luck!
Ryo-chan. hang in there!
Ah!
Oh no. no.
You're not like your brother.
You can't replace your brother.
Oh. God.
I'm trying to clean up.
This house could be anywhere.
I'm moving.
Just because we're siblings doesn't mean we have to have the same number.
Just because we're brothers doesn't mean we have to have the same number.
（Let's have him replace me.
I like number 7...
(Ace. FW)
What are you doing...!
Don't come in here!
Take off your clothes!
You have your own!
Stop it! Stop it!
I can't take your place.
I can't replace you.
Second half begins.
Here comes another.
Here comes the match...
Number 7. I'll hit it!
- Okay.
Lyota!
Three minutes into the second half
finish the game
Miyagi. pass. Let me out!
- Where the hell are you?
Oh...
Ah!
Hey!
I got it.
- This is tough.
What is it?
What the hell are you doing?
Come to me quickly!
（Two defenses on Lyota.)
Don't be lickety-split!
Offense Charging
Okay. then. to all of you.
Introduce yourself.
I am Lyota Miyagi
Starting today...
I'm going to study...
（You're a skank. (Sigh...)
I just moved here from Okinawa.
I know there are a lot of things I don't understand.
Don't get carried away!
Lyota!
You can't play with a ball.
Go play ball somewhere else!
Shut up!
Can he come in?
Oh... Something.
It's something else.
Elementary school student?
(Hisashi Mitsui)
I'm in the first grade.
It's not just about showing you how to do it.
Apply pressure!
You're not going to give up now?
If you're doing this all by yourself...
You're wasting your digs (steps).
What a waste!
Shut up!
Hey. man! What are you doing?
I ain't touched the ball yet!
Twenty minutes is the limit?
It's your first appearance. Mr. Shohoku.
That would break my heart.
You have 5 seconds!
- Quickly!
Ten seconds. Fly fast!
Bad path!
Ryukawa. you do it!
Carry it to the three!
Out One Throw
Timeout Red!
Yo. dick!
I haven't touched the ball yet.
I ain't touched the ball yet!
30 seconds. Let's breathe.
If I were the King of the Mountain. I'd still
I would still go with a zone press.
Ripped or--
Until the other party's heart
Until they are completely broken...
Now is the time to strike.
- Yes. sir!
No breakage...
Mr. Mitsui. Mr. Nagaregawa.
Let's run forward. too!
Mr. Miyagi.
- Yes. sir.
This is your stage.
What about me? Dad.
What about this genius. Sakuragi?
You're gonna make a dash for the ring.
All right!
Lyota! Give me your hand.
Red Hurry up!
Yeah. what?
(NO.1 guard! )
Like you always do.
Go ahead and act like you're the big man.
Not that again...
- Stop it!
Let's go!
Sawakita (Sanno Kouko)
Give me the ball!
Damn!
Fast...
I'm No. 1 when it comes to digs!
Move!
Sakuragi!
Nagarekawa...
Mr. Ball...
Let's take it one by one!
Kawada...
Come on. one!
No. there's no angle.
Can I beat this guy?
Can I win?
Good. good. good. Kawada!
Do it back. Akagi!
- One!
I know that pattern of attack.
I know.
And that pattern...
Kawada...
By 20 points!
Look at this. It's amazing!
(In game)
(Okay! )
One more.
Let's take one more!
（Mikio Kawada
I knew that the first half of the
Your defense.
It's working.
Like a body blow.
Poor probability of 3-point P
He sees Lyota's weakness.
I see it...
In this case. the ultimate weapon.
The only way is to explode!
It's a match. Paul (Nobe)!
- The ultimate weapon?
Sakuragi...
- Huh!
Double dribble!
(Ball held up on the way)
(I've got it! )
You better start fucking around. you motherfucker!
I'll kill you!
Shut up. you son of a bitch!
Shut the fuck up!
Eight minutes without a goal?
Anyway. I gotta get one...
This guy...
I can't find anything...
Ryukawa: Give it to me!
Danna. please!
We can't lose.
What is it?
side-out
We've come this far because...
We've come this far because--
Because they are strong under the goal...
Because Danna fights for us.
All around us live
No...
Let's speak up!
Ahhhh! Idiot!
Miyagi!
Don't you talk?
Don't play quietly!
Speak up!
Next!
I'm not that type.
I'm not that type. I'm...
Miyagi!
Hey. Hey. Hey.
All dressed up like that.
Did you have to make that pass. now?
Your play is chalai!
Huh?
Shut up...
Just listen and let it go.
You'll get used to it.
And that pass is faster.
The defense.
I can't handle it. and...
No. I didn't think that they would be able to react either.
I didn't think they could react either.
What?
It doesn't fit...
I really don't get it.
Because I'm counting on it.
Mr. Akagi. more than anyone.
He knows about Lyota...
I'm sorry
Aaan?
You're so small.
Who's expecting me?
This little guy?
I thought basketball was all about height.
Isn't it important?
Huh?
Come on. Lyota...
Hey. Longhair!
- Don't!
Huh?
I'll do 1-on-1 anytime!
In exchange. you...
If you lose. you get a shaved head!
Huh? Wait. hey!
Wait. Cora!
That kid...
Norio (Norio Hotta)!
- What?
I'm gonna crush him.
Pros.
Ah!
Why don't you put in the pass?
Asset...
Seniors!
No. 15 (Kuwata)!
Come back. Come back!
Get me out of here. damn it!
Bad at it!
（Past games)
Locker after retirement match for third-year students
I'm the only one who did my best.
It's coming out.
Ahhhh!
It's over!
Now retired!
Our generation (three years) has left.
Now it's time for us to go...
A dictatorship of terror.
It's about to begin!
Poor baby... Well...
Good luck the rest of the year. guys.
You're not gonna last the summer.
Troubled boy...
Huh?
- Huh?
It's your eyes.
Are you fucking kidding me?
A stiff and a troublemaker.
There's no way they'll get along.
Miyagi can pass
(Present form: Sanno Kogyo Battle)
You're thinking too much.
You want me to move my feet a little more?
Mr. Kogure.
Mr. Sakuragi will take your place.
Yes. we're on.
Red. Pick up!
My father...
You're lowering this genius...
You gave up.
Glasses. you're retired.
The last thing they want to do is let you out...
What's next for Sanno?
- Oh. Aiwa Gakuen.
Am I the only one?
The only one who still thinks he can win.
I thought you gave up.
Dad.
Give up?
If you give up...
That's where the game ends.
Ah!
Kogure. guard.
- Okay!
Oooh...
Akinori and Yohmukai. get ready.
- Yes. sir!
Stupid.
Here it is!
If you got the rebound.
What would you do?
Sanno. not self-doubt.
First of all. there will be no more quick attacks from Sanno's rebounds.
From the rebound of the Sanno.
And Shohoku will have one more chance.
One more shooting chance for Shohoku
So instead of two (-) points. we have
Plus two points
Opportunities arise.
Do you understand? Mr. Sakuragi.
You mean it works for 4 points?
If you can do that. you
You'll be the trump card to catch up.
Balls. suck 'em up...
(The annual prayer)
I put my heart and soul into it.
Please. Mr. Sakuragi.
You mere mortals.
That's what you mere mortals seem to think.
All right? I'm just an ordinary guy.
You'll get the rebound just in case.
Are we there yet? Hey. Dad.
I'm not in yet. am I?
I'm telling you. man.
Get me out of here!
Hanamichi!
With this point difference. you're going to take out Sakuragi?
That one year.
No three points...
Good luck. Sakuragi!
spectacle
Hanamichi. we've been waiting for you!
Problem child!
I'm catching up. amateurs.
"If you give up--
That's where the game ends."
I'm sorry...
What is it at a time like this?
Uhhh...
(What?)
What is it? You.
What are you doing?
Get off!
That idiot!
I will defeat Yamao!
by Genius Sakuragi
(Pull back! Get out!)
Bastards!
I'm sorry. That guy--
I've only been playing basketball
I've only been playing basketball for four months...
If you do it again. you're out.
What do you think? Guys.
Oh?
Now we have no choice but to win.
Oh!
What's with that face. Gori?
You don't think you can win anymore?
You think you can't win anymore?
What?
You make it sound so easy.
It's not that easy.
Oh? Idiot!
You and your basketball-heads.
Common sense doesn't work for me.
Because he's an amateur.
Huff!
Let's go. boys!
I'm gonna die trying.
Follow me. genius!
(Exit!)
Oh? I can't hear you!
Oh. Them! To victory.
Won't you cheer for me?
I've got a bunch of pissed off customers.
Don't lose!
To win...? Or is it?
Ha! (Laughs)
That idiot... He hit me before I could think straight.
He hit me before I could think straight!
All right!
Oh. good!
That son of a bitch!
The score in the second half was
26 to 2.
But the time difference is not that big!
I'm sure the tide will turn again.
If you're 10 points ahead. you're still in with a chance.
you still have a chance.
Akagi Help!
Okay. Lyota!
Hang on!
The flow is ours.
We bring the flow ourselves. you know!
Enter!
Ugh! Same hand!
I did it!
- Sakuragi... - Hanamichi!
Ha ha! You see!
That's great...
Just as instructed. that boy!
Well. these two...
It's like I was allowed to take them.
And the purpose of introducing cherry blossoms--
But it is not only about rebounding
but not only
Let's start with the point differential.
We're going to get to the 10-point mark!
Oh. yeah!
Ike Ose Ose Shohoku!
Ose Ose Shohoku!
Ike Ike Shohoku!
Damn!
Danna. you stop the ball too much!
Ah! I can't do that.
I can't go in there!
High price!
No. it's more like...
Faster!
Why?
Red boy. you will do it. won't you?
Pass it out. Hanamichi!
National Conquest...
Woohoo!
Ah!
Aaah!
Offense Charging!
"Hitori! de de
Potto! de de"
Alone!"
"Ate ate ate ate ate!
Oops!"
"Just let me fall down like this!"
"I don't blame anyone.
You did a good job."
"It's impossible to begin with!
It's impossible anyway!"
"Do you think you're the only one
Do you think you're the only one?"
"Don't push it."
"I've always dreamed of winning the national championship.
It's so annoying..."
"I wanted to ask you.
Akagi..."
"What's it like to look down from above?
What's it like?"
"What do you think we are?"
Are you okay? You want a shift?
I'm fine.
Oh. well. I've already done what I wished.
I already got my wish.
Oh!
Where is it?
Haha! It's getting a little gory.
It's getting gory. finally!
Kawada is Kawada. I'm me.
Akagi is Akagi... I'm...
Red Ball!
One!
Come on!
I think he's reached the end of his rope.
Kawata is Kawata. Akagi is Akagi
And I'm... Who am I?
Say my name.
Who am I?
Hey. kid!
A bad comic book?
Really. this kind of thing...
I don't like your twisted eyebrows.
I don't like your eyebrows.
I don't like the way you've got your hair.
I don't like your long hair.
Say my name!
Mitsui!
Who am I?
Yay!
The score difference is 10 points!
Hey. Miyagi! Use me!
Use...
No. the screen (wall) goes out...
I'll be open.
If you take threesomes away from me.
I'll have nothing left.
Nice! Mitsui!
I can only see the ring
（I can only see the net.
（Miyagi and Mitsui in the past)
Come on now! Offense first.
From the defense!
You're on defense now. right?
Why? No matter how you look at it.
I'm screwed up.
Never mind. Matsumoto!
Let me hit it. Let me hit it!
Reluctant. but...
From a 3-pointer all the way.
It's rather easy to protect them.
You've got to make sure it falls out.
Just make sure you pick it up.
Are you coming?
I can't get in there!
Hey. you!
What's going on? Hey. hey. hey. hey!
Oh! This is where it starts!
Don't get carried away. you know!
(Knee injury)
What...
Looks like garbage...
If my heart was racing...
What's wrong?
Ryo-chan!
What happened?
(puts away shoes)
Damn!
（My brother sorta didn't come back.)
- Damn!
（Motorcycle accident)
Ryo-chan...
Mom.
Ryoo. I'm up.
Ryoo. are you okay?
Do you understand?
It's a hospital. This is it.
Hospital...
Motorcycle.
He said it was a mess.
Oh. the bike...
I see Okinawa!
Huh?
What are you thinking? You!
The doctor said.
He said he was lucky.
Why don't we run a little slower?
What are you talking about?
A former All-Japan player...
You must be Ryo-chan.
When did you get here?
Grow up!
How are you?
Grandma. who is it?
Who is it?
Thor. that's great!
Ouch!
(Sorta's secret base)
Is that a pro?
No. High school student.
Achieved three consecutive Inter-High School championships
Strongest. Sanno (Industry).
Thor. you want to go in there?
Well. I'm gonna go this way anyway.
(opponent). right?
First year of middle school. second year of middle school. third year of middle school. first year of high school.
Four years?
Okinawa Representative Ace
Sota Miyagi!
There you go!
Oh. look out!
Double clutchー! (SHOOTING)
It's decided!
The strongest king of the mountain. defeated!
(Silent recollection)
（Don't forget... )
Thor...
I'm sorry. I don't know why. I...
I'm just trying to piss off my mom.
She's always pissed me off.
If only Thor were here...
(Put the shoes back on.)
Good. Go!
Intention (Intentional Interference)
White 4 (Fukatsu)
Intention?
- Intention?
Good!
- Nice foul.
What's with your head?
（Mitsui. I'll cut off your long hair.)
You're not going back to the basketball team?
Are you going back to the basketball team?
Shut up!
I'm not a quitter.
What?
Seriously...
Here's the point!
If we take this chance. we'll be able to--
My family still survives.
Otherwise. you're the King of the Mountain.
Otherwise. Sanno has no right to win!
All right. let's make it a 10-point game!
- Oh!
I'm getting into a good rhythm.
It's getting into a good rhythm.
The best guard in Japan
Fukatsu and I...
I'll match up.
(One-on-one)?
I'm the one.
He says I'm the cut-throat.
I've been--
All you do is butt out.
Where?
You're so...
You're so quick to fight. aren't you?
Fukatsu has been a freshman
He's been a starter for Sanno...
That guy and me...
You're gonna match me up with this guy?
That's a perfect fit. Captain Cutting Edge.
My heart is racing.
No. I didn't know.
You always look like you've got room to spare.
You. too.
I'm a pretty good guard.
Not the best in Kanagawa. but...
NO.2 Not really. but...
Well...
No. that's enough!
When things get tough.
Should I decide to do something?
Anything. Yeah...
For example...
Look at the palm of your hand...
NO.1 Guard
Miyagi. you're...
You've been out full time.
You must be pretty worn out.
Ryotin. make up your mind.
Be careful with that.
Hit it hard!
Don't miss!
Shut up. it's distracting!
Yay!
He'll be fine.
All right!
- Shah!
Yeah...
10 points difference!
All right! Kawada!
（It's Mark's turn.)
（I'm on you.)
Kawada's got that red boy.
He's marking him!
Kawada... I've never done anything like this before.
Rebounding.
Let me take it.
The guy I couldn't get...
Except you.
That's a first for me.
What are you looking so happy about?
Come at me like you're ready to die.
Round-cropping!
I understand!
It was Sakuragi who created this rhythm.
Sakuragi was the one who created this rhythm.
Huh? You're here?
Round-cropped!
Sawakita!
I won't go!
I'm surprised you stopped!
Don't make me give you a fucking pass!
Are you sleeping? Kitsune!
What?
You're a whack job!
- What?
We're going to be number one in Japan.
For all the hype...
That little prick.
Can't seem to get a hold of you.
Hmm!
- You're a shikato? Golla.
Let's play defense.
Sakuragi!
Hey. is that all you got?
Crush it!
I'll take it.
Switch!
(Marks switching)
(W clutch: one person time difference)
Huh? He's still here...
Quick attack!
Oh. shoot!
Oh oh oh!
That's an 8-point difference!
Must have been a no-mark...
Shohoku...
That first-year duo...
I'll put that freshman duo on...
A little bit.
It's going to be a pain in the ass.
It all depends on whether we can keep those two at bay.
If we can keep those two at bay.
If you get hit...
You can do it back.
Triple it.
Pass. please. Mr. Fukatsu.
Hit it! Go!
Come on. Cap!
Go!
what
Same age.
Is there anyone else like him?
For seventeen years. I've been--
All you think about is basketball.
I'm sure you've been thinking about it.
But...
You're the same way. aren't you?
I pulled it out!
- No...
Fukatsu-san. get it out!
Oh!
Shoot!
It's a magre!
The best player in Japan
Do you want to be? Ryukawa
Shut up!
You'd better be.
In Japan without me.
Prepare Don!
Wait!
High school basketball.
I did what I could.
I have nothing more to prove.
Give me the experience I need.
If there is still something--
Give it to me.
56789123
Three hundred...
This is nice.
Oh...
You can't beat me in a one-on-one.
You can't beat me.
That Ryukawa...
How could he be so brilliant?
not yet
Red boy. this is...
You can't fly this thing.
The first thing to do is to not let it fly.
I'll take the ball.
Then we'll see.
What's the matter?
Have you given up already?
Still...
Go! You're the ace!
The goal is unprotected!
Foul! White!
Son of a bitch!
You're a big deal...
He said he's the best player in Japan.
Two years like me. Still.
I want to see the look of frustration on his face.
Me too.
- I know. right?
You know. you're the first person I've ever talked to.
I've never talked to you before. have I?
That was a good game.
- Yeah. it was.
Good game.
- Shohoku is a good team.
Hey! Five guys on the court.
You're up against some serious competition.
Let's fight to the end on the bench. too.
All right!
You still don't get it?
You can't beat Sawakita.
What is it?
We're stuck.
Nagaregawa 6 seconds!
You will have 30 seconds. 4 seconds left!
Where are you going?
Foul!
Teacher!
Boss!
- I got it!
That Nagaregawa...
This guy passes...
Good call.
Enter!
Pass!
Nagaregawa!
This is it.
He's getting in on it.
And he's not the same guy I've seen before.
He's a little different.
Do it to the fullest! Streams of water
Ooh! All right!
Okay!
They came to stop me.
I can't even lift my arms anymore.
I can't even lift my arms.
I knew it. I knew it.
He's already reached his limit.
3 minutes left
(Also) 13 points...
Quick attack!
He can't hit!
You don't have the balls for this.
Be quiet!
The sound of this (threesome)...
Revives me.
As many times as you want!
Yay! Ten more points!
What the hell is that?
They're catching up! (Sanno's cheering squad)
Reluctant...
Huh!
All right!
I'm going to treasure this one!
This guy!
(LOOP SHOOTING)
Yeah!
Two minutes and 50 seconds left.
Eight points. I don't know.
All right! - All right!
A possibility emerged.
Gori. Nagaregawa...
They'll pass us again.
He ain't gonna pass...
Because I ain't never lost before.
- Ho!
Oh! - Oh...
Yes. yes. yes! Did you see that?
Genius strategy. right on target!
Okay. I'm ready! Just a little over two minutes to go!
By eight points! Ball over here!
Gori. you can still make it. right?
I can do it. I can do it. I can do it. I can do it!
- I can do it. I can do it. I can do it.
This guy (Fukatsu) is upset or something.
Don't you think he's upset?
It's hitting me!
Pick it up!
- Don't give up! You can pick it up!
The way out of the way!
Huh!
Referee time!
Sakuragi...
You did a good job.
Not bad. but...
Who's not good enough?
Goraa!
You're alive?
- Of course I'm alive!
Can you do it?
- Oh. yes!
This one is very important!
Go. Shohoku!
Who is it?
- Shohoku! Shohoku!
(Cheering loudly from the enemy's cheering section! )
How many times do I have to push you?
You're gonna give up?
Come on. make some noise!
Make some noise!
What the...?
It is a game!
Oh!
Faydaway! (back flips)
- Good!
No. it's not!
Rebounding!
All right. let's get going!
It's quiet...
My heart is racing.
I'm going to pretend as hard as I can that I'm okay.
You idiot...
Still afraid of Kawada?
You're gonna have to switch.
Not if you can't keep up.
Do you want to pass? Pass it?
You forgot one thing.
3 points!
- Timeout. Yamao.
Wow! Five points difference!
I can do it. I can do it.
Ugh!
Oh. God. it's hurting more and more.
Does it hurt anywhere? Hanamichi Sakuragi
No. my back is a little...
Where in the back? What kind of pain?
Just a twinge now and then.
I'm fine. Ugh!
It's a matter of life and death for the athletes.
Huh... Ha...
Don't run away.
Here.
I'm not gonna stop the flow...
Can you run?
I can't lift my arm anymore.
Okay. I'll pass.
Dad. you can turn this around. can't you? Oh!
- Of course I can.
Mr. Sakuragi is on this team.
Rebounding and--
They added guts.
Mr. Miyagi.
Speed and Sensitivity.
Mr. Mitsui used to be a mess.
Later on. intelligence and
a special kind of flying start.
You. Mr. Ryukawa. are explosive.
and the will to win.
Akagi-kun and Kigure-kun have been
On a foundation that has been supported by
So much more has been
Added
That's Shohoku.
Come on. let's go!
- Shohoku! - SANOHO!
We're not...
We're not the best of friends.
You people.
I'm so angry at you.
But...
But what?
No. I... Thank you.
An?
You idiot!
- Thank you for what?
I'm not doing it for you!
- It's about winning!
Get out of here!
Hey. you fuckers!
Here we go! - Oh!
Fukatsu followed me.
It wasn't me!
There's a lot of pressure on the people being chased.
There must be pressure.
Yes. I'm talking to the other side.
Strongest Mountain King!
As expected!
- Fukatsu & Kawada!
Put me through!
Lyota!
Domoto-kun...
I have no intention of making a clean getaway.
I have no intention of doing that.
Until the last round.
I'm going to challenge you to a fight.
That's what you get from these undefeated guys.
I'm the best at it.
Style.
Ryo-chan!
Lyota!
Get out of here. You're a man!
Mom. is it small? - Yeah.
- Yes.
I'm skinny enough to pay for it.
What did you say?
- Nothing.
Here you go. The star of the show.
I made it big.
You're bigger than me.
I'll plate it for you.
Siblings with the same birthday
It's rare. isn't it?
That means we're special.
Ryoo. tomorrow.
What time do you leave?
Hiroshima Inter-High School
6 o'clock.
- Hasty!
Mom. it's 6:00!
hmm
Ryou-chan
Seventeen years old. huh?
Where's Thor?
Let's see... 20.
If he's still alive.
Twenty years old...
You've been three years ahead of me for years.
I've already passed you.
So-chan's Photo
Let's decorate it.
I forget the face...
It's been eight years.
Seventeen years old. Congratulations.
Thank you.
Mother... What?
Mother.
I've been causing all kinds of trouble.
I'm sorry for always bothering you.
I'm sure you didn't want to play basketball.
Because it reminds me of Thor.
Still...
Not once did he tell me to stop playing basketball.
I was never told to stop playing basketball.
When I was a minibus player...
It was nice of you to come and watch the game.
I was so happy.
A. 100 to 20
In a world without Thor
Basketball was the only thing that kept me alive.
Was the only thing that kept me alive.
Thank you for keeping me going.
Thank you.
Don't do it! How many times have I told you!
Oh. Mother. Oh. my God!
I don't know...
What should I do?
I'm glad you're keeping up with basketball.
So-chan...
Where you were supposed to stand...
Tomorrow...
I'm going to stand.
Hurry up. come on!
Lower center of gravity!
Good luck!
Damn!
- You're losing your edge.
What are you gonna do with all these big guys blocking you?
What are you gonna do when you're blocked by these big bastards?
Go!
Go! Lyota!
Dribbling is the way to go.
It's the little guy's way of life!
Go! Lyota!
Defence!
Defense!
Free throws are number four.
My free throws.
Sakuragi.
Ha! Oh...
No count?
Screw you. you genius.
Slam dunk.
You know. I was gonna take you down sooner or later.
I was going to take you down sooner or later. but...
Wait a minute.
I don't switch.
When I ran into that loose ball earlier...
It was sore.
- Where?
（Ayako. don't tell me... (Ayaako)
Back...
back (of body)
A player's life is--
Maybe...
Does this mean it's over?
Does that mean I can't play basketball anymore?
I can't play basketball anymore?
Do you like basketball?
- Ha. ha!
I love it.
I'm a sportsman.
Brothers?
Okay. yes!
Last one!
The left hand only attaches
Rebound King
National Debut!
good
Hanamichi... I've been waiting for you.
Troubled boy.
Chickenshit!
A player's life...
Akagi. decide...
Adoption!
Please take your turn!
Hanamichi! Sakuragi-kun!
What are you doing?
Sakuragi
- Mr. Sakuragi.
Ryouchin. I'm coming!
Until then. please stay under the goal!
Hanamichi Sakuragi
Don't be unreasonable!
Come!
Look. I can barely stand up.
I can barely stand up!
I'm sorry.
Change of shifts is canceled.
Gora! Dad!
Mr. Sakuragi.
Confession.
I knew something was wrong with you.
I noticed it right away.
You're aware of it. but...
I didn't replace him.
It just keeps getting better and better.
You're playing...
Because I wanted to watch.
Failure to teach.
I was so close.
I would have regretted it the rest of my life.
One minute left!
Let's shout it out together. Sakuragi!
When were my dad's glory days?
Was it at All-Japan?
I'm...
I'm now!
Red! Pushing!
Hey. you're an eyesore.
That's where you're standing.
Standing there in a daze.
If you're going to answer. answer!
Douchebag!
Shift.
Are you leaving?
Hanamichi!
- Are you okay?
Nuh... What's wrong?
You look so serious.
I'm sorry you're having such a hard time.
Without me?
For this genius.
Just the right handicap.
I'm about as good as Yamao.
I'll take that.
You're going to win. right? Gori.
It's just a passing thing. isn't it?
They're something!
Why should the lowest of the low
Why should I listen to you?
Hey!
Come!
They're gonna press again.
They're gonna come after me.
Nagaregawa. when you come to Hamet...
You carry it...
We can just keep going.
Let's go.
Male!
- Danna.
Watch the stream.
Okay. okay.
You know...
We can do it.
husband
(Teaching strategy)
123 Win!
Come on. Sanno!
Five points with one minute to go.
They're really trying to catch up!
Targeted!
Idiot!
Ike. Mikio!
Here we go. Nagaregawa!
Defense!
Count. three.
Foul White 6th Pushing!
One Throw!
You did a good job running. Mitsui.
I'm glad I joined Shohoku.
If you make it this far
It's a game of the mind
How sure of
How certain can you be of who you are?
How far do you believe in yourself?
Woohoo haha!
One point difference!
Four minutes!
47 46 45 44
We have to defend it!
Don't let them get it!
Sakuragi. hang in there...
Imperial Palace
stream
Mitsui Good luck!
Good luck! Akagi
Augh!
Go!
Return...
Stop! Quick. stop!
The End!
[ Lamentations of Silence...]
[ Gooooooooooooooooooooooooo...]
"Director Doumoto's intentions."
（Sakuragi is at his limit.)
（Then it's a 5-4 situation.)
( In lieu of relinquishing the last T.O. - )
(No time is given between shifts.)
（What? What?)
（Come on... ( ） ( ） ( ） ( ） ( ） ( ） ( ）)
Yay!
How was Sanno?
Strong.
I was scared.
Ryoo-chan
yeah
What?
welcome home
I'm home!
Have you grown taller?
- What? No way.
How can it grow in four days?
Thor's...
Ryo-chan!
Ryo-chan. welcome back!
Wait. hey. hey! Hey. hey. hey!
Let's go up.
The fact that I've lost before--
Someday it will be a great asset.
I need it.
I need experience.
Prep School (U.S. college preparatory school)
Lyota and Sawakita at
Since I've been here.
Anything different?
It's physical (Sawakita).
Everyone around me was like. "Mr. Kawada.
It's like...
What are the challenges ahead?
I'm on the smaller side.
I play point guard.
Not quite there yet.
You can't help yourself.
Go too far.
Such a long way.
Thank you for your hard work (Sawakita)
（Nervous Lyota)
Memories of the No. 1 Guard of the Palm